Contributing.md local development and environment setup tweaks (#752)
integrations/terraform-provider-github: CONTRIBUTING.md

This section describes a typical sequence performed when developing locally. Full details of available tooling are available in the next section on [Automated And Manual Testing](#automated-and-manual-testing).

### Local Development Setup

Once you have the repository cloned, there's a couple of additional steps you'll need to take. Since most of the testing is acceptance or integration testing, we need to manipulate GitHub resources in order to run it. Useful setup steps are listed below:

> - If you haven't already, create a GitHub organization you can use for testing.
>   - Optional: some may find it beneficial to create a test user as well in order to avoid potential rate-limiting issues on your main account.
>   - See [here](#github-organization) for further instructions on creating an organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you haven't already, [create a GitHub organization you can use for testing](#github-organization).
  - Optional: some may find it beneficial to create a test user as well in order to avoid potential rate-limiting issues on your main account.
```

>   - Your organization _must_ have a repository called `terraform-module-template`.
>     - See [this repo](https://github.com/terraformtesting/terraform-template-module) for an example you can clone.
>     - You _must_ make sure that the "Template Repository" item in Settings is checked for this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Your organization _must_ have a repository called `terraform-module-template`. The [terraformtesting/terraform-template-module](https://github.com/terraformtesting/terraform-template-module) repo is a good, re-usable example.
    - You _must_ make sure that the "Template Repository" item in Settings is checked for this repo.
```

> - If you haven't already, generate a Personal Access Token (PAT) for authenticating your test runs.
>   - See [here](#github-personal-access-token) for instructions and scope requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you haven't already, [generate a Personal Access Token (PAT) for authenticating your test runs](#github-personal-access-token).
```

- Export the necessary configuration for authenticating your provider with GitHub
  ```sh
  export GITHUB_TOKEN=<token of a user with an organization account>
  export GITHUB_ORGANIZATION=<name of an organization>
  ```
- Build the project with `make build`

> - Try an example test run off of the default branch.
>   - For example, you should see all tests pass when running `TF_LOG=DEBUG TF_ACC=1 go test -v   ./... -run ^TestAccGithubRepositories` from the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try an example test run from the default (`master`) branch, like `TF_LOG=DEBUG TF_ACC=1 go test -v   ./... -run ^TestAccGithubRepositories`. All those tests should pass.
```

If you do not have an organization already that you are comfortable running tests against, you will need to [create one](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-new-organization-from-scratch). The free "Team for Open Source" org type is fine for these tests. The name of the organization must then be exported in your environment as `GITHUB_ORGANIZATION`.

> Make sure that your organization has a `terraform-module-template` repository (see [here](https://github.com/terraformtesting/terraform-template-module) for an example you can clone) and that its "Template repository" item in Settings is checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that your organization has a `terraform-module-template` repository ([terraformtesting/terraform-template-module](https://github.com/terraformtesting/terraform-template-module) is an example you can clone) and that its "Template repository" item in Settings is checked.
```
